Extra Credit Project - Should you play the Texas Lotto Pick 3?

The Texas lottery has a 'game' called "Pick 3". In this 'game', there are 10 balls in each of 3 tubes. 
The balls are numbered 0 thru 9. For each game, a lottery player picks three numbers, and then a single ball 
is randomly selected from each tube. A player wins if the single numbered balls from each of the three tubes 
matches the numbers the player selected - in order.

We are simulating "Exact Order", so if the numbers match, in order, the Player wins $500 minus the 1.00 cost for the ticket.

For example, the player picks 2 - 3 - 0. If the 3 randomly selected numbers are 2 - 3 - 0, the plays wins $500.00 minus the 
cost of the ticket of $1.00. If the randomly selected numbers are any other combination, the ticket loses.

Here is a link to the Texas lottery Pick3 game. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YncfWVBsvz0&t=4s

Be sure to watch the video !!!

For each 'game', you are to run a simulation of the Texas "Pick 3" game, in which you will play 10,000 games. 
That should be enough games to remove 'chance occurrences". 

So, for each run of the simulated game:

x1) Prompt for and extract 3 'picks'. Be sure to validate that the inputs picks are within the range of 0 .. 9. 
Note: Assume only digits are entered (ie: assume no other characters ).
x2) Generate 3 random numbers (getRandom) in the range of 0-9 for each game. 
x3) Determine if the player won or lost that game ( exactly matched all three numbers - in order ).
x4) Update a running count of the number of games won

After all 10,000 games have been played, output how many games were won and lost, and how much money you won ( or lost )

Remember: It cost $1 dollar to play each game, and for each game where the picks match the random 'balls' exactly, you win $500.00. 
Programming Requirements:

Your program is to include at least the following:

1) a function to validate user picks
x2) a repetition algorithm to play the 10,000 games
x3) a function that simulates random number generation ( getRandom )
x4) a function to play a game ( playGame )
x5) a running count of the number of games won
x6) an output of:
	the number of games played
	the number of games won
	the amount of money won ( or lost ) ($1 for each game lost, $499 dollars for each game won )
 
Save and submit all of your ARM32 assembler source code to the dropbox.
Include a few screen captures for proof your application running.
Answer the question - Out of 10,000 games, did you win or lose money ?
